I'm angry if you offend me.
How many times have you offended me? In this weak Dragon City.
You are not angry at all. That’s right.
Wang Ping. How dare you build a road?
Just wait to die. Even if he is the official of Zhenlong Group.
You can't be you. I am responsible for that lord.
Why is this the rat position?
He will have more cruel methods,
Let his life be miserable. I am now.
You seem to see your precious map boiling,
The look of pain. You impose on me.
I will change it a thousand times a hundred times.
Join the group of stupid people
You were the only one who seriously injured the four crazy people.
I will turn you into a madman from now on
Don't take my words seriously
Otherwise you can't afford the consequences
Gao Qi thought he couldn't afford it even more
Do you think I, King Zhao Cheng, gave the order?
I'm still talking about this
I am cured of my illness today.
Let your thinking face be lightly stained here
Move in the burning sun and let your bare arms be exposed
Come on, listen to the little fuss